Assessment2Doc.md, before:

| Bryce Deshotel|
|:---|
|s208069|
|Computer Programming|
|Assessment-1 Documentation|

### I. Requirements

Task given: Create a program using C# that meets the specified requirements requested by the professors

#### Task Requirements

    - Use of variables, operators and expressions
    - Use of sequester, selection and iteration
    - Functions
    - At least two instances of the use of arrays to store primitive or custom data types
    - Reading and writing to a text file
    - Two classes that each contain four instance variables
    - Multiple options for object construction
    - User-defined aggregation
    - Use of polymorphism once for code extensibility
    - Code documentation

1. Input information: Player is given two options and based on if they pressed 1 or 2 a certain action will happen.
2. Output information: The output varies from the weapon selection then to the action the player wants to take during the fight.


### II. Visuals

- The first displayed screen will be an option between two weapons and the player's damage will be set to which ever one they pick.
- After picking a weapon the console will display the Player's health and damage and the Wizard's health, damage, and mana. The player will then be 
prompted to select an action, those actions being to attack or view their inventory.
  - If the player chooses to attack, the console will display that the player delt damage to the wizard, then display that the wizard delt damage to the player
  and then repeat back to selecting an action.
  - If the player chooses to view the inventory, it will display the weapon the player chose and a health potion along with the damage and healthboost of each item.
    - If the player chooses the weapon, it will just display that they already have it equipped then display the wizard delt 
    damage to the player and repeat back to selecting an action.
    - If the player chooses the health potion, it will display that they haven taken a sip from the potion and have gained 30 health. Then display that 
    the wizard has delt damage to the player and repeat back to selecting an action.



### III. Objects

Commit message:

Adding base documintation before finding a peer review.

Assessment2Doc.md, after:

| Bryce Deshotel|
|:---|
|s208069|
|Computer Programming|
|Assessment-1 Documentation|

### I. Requirements

Task given: Create a program using C# that meets the specified requirements requested by the professors

#### Task Requirements

    - Completed redistributable maths classes.
    - Complete the unit test
    - Show simple collision dection, a matrix hierarchy, and movement with velocity and vectors.
    - Have someone do a peer review of your work.
    - Complete number conversion exercises.

1. Input information: Player is able to use two of the arrow keys to move up and down the window.
2. Output information: The output varies since the player can either reach the goal and win or bump into a moving spike.


### II. Visuals

    - The game will display the game window.
        -If the player moves and bumps into a moving spike it will display text in the top left corner saying they 
         lost and to click the exit button on the console window to quit.
        -If the player reaches the goal it will display text in the top left corner saying they 
         won and to click the exit button on the console window to quit.


### III. Objects
